								Codex Ministorum
	
	We shall have one "core committee" for organizing the fest itself. This committee answers directly and only to Madam Coordinator.We shall have ONE management head, for each class of jobs, who reports to the "core committee", but is also answerable to Madam Coordinator. Each event shall have ONE event head who reports to the designated management head, but is also answerable to Madam Coordinator. Each event head may employ a team of several volunteers under them who report to them, but are answerable to everyone above them in the chain. Recommended size of each team is 3 to 7 volunteers.
    
	The fest management heads shall be SIX people. One member each for the following tasks : competitive events, non competitive events, hospitality, funds, valedictory, registration.
	Management heads ka responsibility
	All the event heads for the competitive events shall report to the management head responsible for the category.
	Management heads ka responsibility.
	All the event heads for the non competitive events shall report to the management heads responsible for the category.
	The management head responsible for hospitality shall take care of all the functions relating to the participants' and the judges' stay in the college, including, but not limited to, pathfinding for judges, momentos for judges, provisions for all visitors, etc.
	The management head responsible for valedictory shall take care of all the functions relating to certificates and prizes.
	The management head responsible for registration shall take care of proper registration procedures for the event. Once registration is complete, the part of this group may take up the task of free volunteers.
    
	The organizational structure shall roughly look like the following :

	
					    	       Madam Coordinator
					    	       
					    	       	   Core Team
				
			Events Team			Hospitality Team		Valedictory Team
			
		EventHead1  	EventHead2	HeadJudges	HeadProvisions	HeadPrizes	HeadCertificates
		VolunteerTeam1	VolunteerTeam2	VolunteerTeam3	VolunteerTeam4	VolunteerTeam5	VolunteerTeam6
	
	Home college teams shall be allowed to participate in all events as non competitive teams.

Event List

	Non Comp		 
		 Lecture
		 	Guest lecture on real world, application based statistics and / or remarkable snippets in theory.
		 	Recommended event run time : 1 hour.
		 
		 Stalls
		 	Volunteers are invited to set up stalls to sell food items and / or trinkets. Volunteers will be returned breakeaven revenue, and parts of profit, if any. Be advised, the association does not help cover for losses.
		 	Stalls may be set up for the entirety of the fest, pending college management approval.
	
	Comp
		Quiz
			Standard format quiz.
			Recommended event run time : 1 hour prelims + 1 hour finals
		
		Lecture Competition
			Standard format lecture contest. 5m+2m time limit.
			Recommended event run time : 30 minute margin on time required, as calculated by number of participants.
		
		Treasure Hunt
			Standard format treasure hunt.
			Recommended event run time : 2 hours
			Notes
				Treasure Hunt may require a larger number of volunteers
				All volunteers must be briefed for proper conduct during the event.
		
		Analytics
			Analytics competition, format borrowed from "Anvesha".
			Recommended event run time : 1.5 hours
		
		Presentation
			Standard format presentation competition. 5m + 1m time limit.
			Recommended event run time : 30 minute margin on time required, as calculated by number of participants.
		Green Screen
			??
			??
		Extempore
			Standard format extempore. 2m+1m+3m
			Recommended event run time : 30 minute margin on time required, as calculated by number of participants.
			
Proposed Date and Venue
    
    We propose the date in the second week of february, subject to availability of venue.

    We propose to spread out the events over the entire day across the college campus. Therefore, we shall require multiple venues booked with the college manager for the entire day.

